after making their way through high
school big changes are in store for
officer schmidt and jinko when they go
deep undercover at a local college but
when jinko meets a kindred spirit on the
football team
and schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art
major scene
they begin to question their partnership
now they don't have to just crack the
case
they have to figure out if they can have
a mature relationship
if these two overgrown adolescents can
grow from freshmen
into real men college might be the best
thing that ever
happened to them following their success
in the 21 jump street program
schmidt and jenko are back on the
streets chasing narcotics
however after failing in the pursuit of
a group of drug dealers led by ghost
deputy chief hardy puts the duo back on
the program to work for captain dixon
now located across the street at 22 junk
street
their assignment is to go undercover as
college students and
locate the supplier of a drug known as
wi-fi that killed a student
photographed buying it on canvas at
college
jenko quickly makes friends with a pair
of jocks named zuk and rooster
the latter being a prime suspect in the
investigation
jinko starts attending parties with the
jocks who do not take as kindly to
schmidt
meanwhile schmidt gets the attention of
an art student maya
by feigning an interest in slam poetry
the two sleep together to the
disapproval of maya's roommate mercedes
and it is revealed that maya is the
daughter of the vehemently disapproving
captain dixon
despite sleeping together maya tells
schmidt not to take it seriously
and he starts to feel left out as jinko
bonds more and more with suk
who encourages him to join the football
team
schmidt and jenko visit mr walters and
eric in jail for advice on how to look
for the wi-fi supplier
walters notices a unique tattoo on the
arm of the dealer in the photograph
and insists that if they find the tattoo
they will have found their man
whilst hanging out with zook and rooster
jinko notices that rooster does not have
the tattoo
but sees it on zuk's arm schmidt and
jenko are invited to join the fraternity
led by the jocks but schmidt refuses
furthering the tension between the two
at a counseling session
they realized that perhaps zuk was
buying the drugs rather than selling
them
and soon after fine ghost and his men on
campus
a chase ensues and ghost again evades
the pair
jinko reveals to schmidt that he's been
offered a football scholarship with zuk
and is unsure whether or not he wants to
continue to be a police officer
schmidt decides for him by telling
officers on the scene that jinko had
nothing to do with the melee caused by
the chase immediately afterwards
schmidt moves out of the dorm and maya
finds out who he really is
spring break arrives and schmidt
prepares to go after ghost alone
jingo asks to help so that the two can
have one final mission together
and the pair head to the beach where
ghost is likely to be dealing wifi
inside a bar they find mercedes revealed
to be ghost's daughter
giving instructions to the other dealers
the pair backed up by dixon
ambushed the meeting and give chase as
they flee mercedes is able to handcuff
dixon and take him hostage pursued by
schmidt
meanwhile jinko goes after ghost after a
fist fight with mercedes
schmidt is held at gunpoint by her but
maya sneaks up and knocks her out
schmidt goes to help jinko who is now on
the roof of the college in pursuit of
ghost
who shoots jinko in the shoulder ghost
attempts to escape in a helicopter and
jinko jumps across to it but struggles
to hold on with his injured arm
schmidt makes the same jump and the two
fall into the sea
but not before jinko is able to throw a
grenade into the helicopter
killing ghost back on land jinko tells
schmidt that he still wants to be a
police officer
as he believes their differences help
their partnership and the two reconcile
in front of a cheering crowd
dixon approaches them claiming to have a
new mission under cover
at a med school